Everything okay?
| heard you moaning.
Yeah, I had another nightmare.
What manner of monster
is this Saitama?
You kept repeating "Saitama, Saitama"
in your sleep.
THE OVERLY-COMPLICATED NINJA
Nothing like this
has happened before.
Losing a fight is one thing,
but for some reason,
I no longer "feel the wind."”
This is unprecedented.
It was just one fight.
And it was just bad luck
that caused me to lose.
There should be no difference
in ability between us.
So...why?
No matter what strategy I use...
I can't picture myself winning/
Why...?
Well that's how it is.
That's how psychological trauma works.
You've been so good to me, Hunter.
Don't mention it.
We're birds of a feather.
My work puts my life at risk, too.
Up in the mountains,
sometimes I come across
horrible monsters on my hunts.
Just like you...
I've got an enemy of
my own to defeat.
Is he tough?
Yeah, he's the master
of this mountain.
He's the one who gave me
these scars.
A bear?
Fortunately, my life was spared
when I ran straight towards a cliff,
but only because I fell off.
It hurt like hell.
Ever since,
the hand I hold my gun
with trembles...
...from fear.
What if my gun fails me again
like it did that time?
The thought makes my hand shake
and I can't get off a good shot.
But if I can defeat him,
I'm sure my hand will tremble no more.
If you want to overcome
your own fear,
the only way to do it
is to defeat your enemy.
Where'd he go?
Who says I'm afraid of him?
Ludicrous!
There's no way...
Sure, why not?
It'll be good training.
Damn it!
Wind Blade Kick!
| see. So that's how it is.
I'll admit it, Saitama...
| was afraid.
| owe you one, little boar.
Thanks to you,
I might get my strength back.
What a treat tonight!
Snake meat isn't all
that bad, you know.
Looks like this uribo
has taken a liking to you.
Uribo?
Yeah, boars found in the wild
rarely take to humans—
Why'd you call him "uribo"?
Huh?
No reason.
That's the word
for wild boar piglets.
Isn't that normal?
He'll have a name,
and I'll decide it.
O-Okay.
"Ino."
From /inoshishi,
the word for wild boar.
How's that?
"How's that?" Well...
Sounds pretty normal, but...
then again...
From that day on, I devoted my days
to training for Saitama's defeat.
And, by the time [ finished,
I'd come to a conclusion.
[ Decided I would not
run away from fear,
but would admit that I feared.
By doing so,
it becomes possible to
prevail over and control fear.
And if I can do that ..
Wind Blade Kick!
Moving on?
Yeah, thanks for everything, Hunter.
Call me Frank.
Frank Hunter, huh?
Good name.
Huh?
It's a fine name for a man who hunts.
| won't forget it.
No, I'm no Hunter...
You're not a hunter?
Well yeah, I am a hunter,
but that's not my name...
It's, you know, my job.
Let's see...
maybe you'd understand it better
if I say it's more like "Hunter Frank."
Ah, I get it.
So "Hunter" is the same
as "Speed-0'-Sound" in my name.
So,
you plan to stay here?
Yeah.
| see.
Listen, Hunter.
Yeah?
If you're defeated even
before you fight,
the results will be the same
no matter how often you try.
Any idea what he meant, Ino?
Ino? What's wrong? You miss him?
I'm sure he'll be back
when he loses...again.
Just as I thought...
It is you.
Here's some payback for my scars.
Listen, Hunter.
If you're defeated even
before you fight,
the results will be the same
no matter how often you try.
/get it. That's what he meant.
Sonic, what you were saying is...
| win!
Run, Ino...
Oh. A bear.
Well, bear's not bad but...
| could go for wild boar too...
Hey...
Whatever. Bear will do.
So this is a bear hot pot, Master?
Yeah.
You heard those rumors about
the giant bear causing
all that damage, right?
You can eat bear?
Yeah, you can eat most animals.
| see!
Oh, and I hear
wild boar's pretty good, too.
| learn so much from you, Master!
JUst you wart, Sartarna.
The next time we meet
will be your demise.
Oh...
(Ah, that's the way)
(Ah, let's go)
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
I'm Speed-o-Sound Sonic,
the strongest ninja
and I can beat
all the evils of this world. "
Born in a ninja village
From a young age, I acquired
Speed, Ninja skills and techniques.
I've become invincible.
I don't care about good or evil.
I'm just looking for a way
to challenge myself.
(Ah, more, more)
Don't call me
Jack-o-fantern Panic!
One-Punch Folk Song
"Saitama! The next time we meet
will be your demise.
You are no match for
ultimate ninja skills,
and I, Speed-o-Sound Sonic,
will prove it!"
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
One attack, one kill, ONE PUNCH
One-Punch Folk Song
Dance! Sing! Fight!
One-Punch AH Folk Song